RUM doc 2.0 (#6227)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/data_collected/error.md

---
title: RUM Errors
kind: documentation
further_reading:
- link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/real-user-monitoring-with-datadog/"
  tag: "Blog"
  text: "Real User Monitoring"
- link: "/real_user_monitoring/dashboards/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Visualize your RUM data in out of the box Dashboards"
- link: "/real_user_monitoring/explorer/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Explore your views within Datadog"
- link: "/logs/processing/attributes_naming_convention/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Datadog Standard Attributes"
---

All errors that appear in the user console are collected.

## Facet Collected

| Attribute       | Type   | Description                                                       |
|-----------------|--------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `error.kind`    | string | The error type or kind (or code in some cases).                   |
| `error.message` | string | A concise, human-readable, one-line message explaining the event. |
| `error.stack`   | string | The stack trace or complementary information about the error.     |

> | `error.origin`  | string | Where the error originates from (i.e. console, network…)          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `error.origin`  | string | Where the error originates from (i.e. console, network, etc.)          |
```

### Network Error

> For network error the following extra-facets are collected:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For network errors, the following facets are also collected:
```
